= Forge

* http://proutils.github.com/forge
* http://github.com/proutils/forge


== DESCRIPTION

Forge is an API and command-line interface for on-line GForge-based
project development management tools.

Currently is supports only RubyForge, as this was the original usecase
for which this project was developed. Now that RubyForge is being phased
out this project needs to focus on supporting other GForge sites, in
particular SourceForge.

For RubyForge users, this project is similar to the widely used +rubyforge+
gem. The main difference is that +forge+ is POM aware, and therefore does
not need to keep configuration scripts in a $HOME configuration folder
to work. This makes it muich easier to use as a project tool.

The current version of the RubyForge uses the old school HTTP scraping
techinique. The next version may use the new api.rubyforge.org REST API,
however, since RubyForge is being phased out as mentioned above, this
is a low-priority and may not occur. Moreover the HTTP scraping currently
used may prove important for supporting SourceForge and other sites since
they still lack any sort of RESTful or SOAP API.


== DEVELOPMENT

Currently the project is hosted on GitHub. Given the nature of the project
it may be moved to SourceForge in the near future, renaming it to LaForge
in the process.


== COPYRIGHTS

(Apache 2.0 License)

Copyright (c) 2004 Thomas Sawyer

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
